hey guys awfully may here with coverage
provided by HP omen and I am here with
Aaron or rather known as egoraptor huge
fan how's your time at Blizzcon here so
far
it's been fun I've been I've been
trading badges with people I bought a
ton of badges and I figured I had a
bunch of dupes so why not like help
people out and give them the badges that
they want to get people badges that they
want which one's your favorite so far
out of all those bad ah I don't know man
they're all so cool I actually like this
one a lot the overwatch World Cup one
because it's just so kind of
all-encompassing of why I'm here so you
said you're here for overwatch do you
have any favorite players or favorite
teams I better up there no I just like
watching good players play I mean I'm
not I'm not super like deep diving like
oh man if I get this one but I mean I'm
rooting for USA but they're up against
South Korea so I don't know if that's
gonna happen but I hope so that'd be
great who knows maybe just your support
in your cheers they're gonna care that'd
be cool so I wanted to ask you you just
came out with the YouTube red series
good game I watched a first episode of
it I really liked it has anyone noticed
you from that here I mean it's mostly
just from game grumps and stuff but yeah
I did have one person say hey booger
boss so that was cool but no I
appreciate you plug in that that's very
cool go check it out on YouTube red haha
what's your did you have experience with
eSports before that I mean I just
watched it yeah I mean I play overwatch
regularly and I've had a few people be
like dang you're fair is really good are
you an eSports player and I'm like no
but that's a really nice compliment
thank you I wish you would be up there
repping us for us than is fair then huh
oh my god I don't know I'm not as good
as these dudes know it like by no means
so I don't think too many people I know
it sounds like I'm just super plugging
your show but it was something that I
thought was kind of interesting would
you mind telling me a little bit about
how that show kind of came in and maybe
your process they're filming it
yeah well I'm friends with Michelle
Morrow who's doing a lot of announcing
here and she just she had a list of
people that she wanted to work with for
this game because she was pitching the
show and we were first on the list and
you know
I love Michele so I was like absolutely
so that's basically that's the end of
the story and it's a perfect story at
that I want to thank you so much for
this interview is there anything that
you would like to say to any fans who
are watching or any friends love each
other and have a good day perfect well
thank you again so much for this
interview and for everyone else you can
check out more of our coverage as we're
getting hit by a bus a cart here at our
YouTube channel thanks to omen for
supporting our content they are a new
partner of the overwatch league and you
can follow them on twitter at omen by HP